Stats NEWS

* Noteworthy changes in release 2.1.0 (2013-10-03) [stable]

** Defaulted screenshot utility to scrot
  
  Stats 1.x releases with screenshot support relied on ImageMagick's import
  utility exclusively to capture images of the contents of the screen.
  Stats 2.0 used the same utility in the interest of maintaining the behavior
  of earlier releases. However, import has a flaw that sometimes results in
  black areas of a screenshot when a compositor is in use. In the best case
  this is annoying, but in most cases it completely ruins the screenshot.
  
  Therefore to correct this problem, this release of Stats has support for
  another popular screenshot utility - scrot - which is now default. Since
  scrot is well-maintained and does not suffer from the same flaw as import,
  it is a drop-in replacement in most cases. However to make sure that this
  change does not result in a functional regression on systems where import
  is available but scrot is not, import will be automatically employed if
  scrot is not available on the target system; scrot is merely preferred.

* Noteworthy changes in release 2.0.0 (2013-09-27) [stable]

** Rewrite in Perl
  
  Prior to this release Stats was written in BASH. There was nothing wrong with
  this per-se, but as the capabilities of this script evolved I felt that a
  stronger scripting language was necessary. I chose Perl because this Stats
  script inherently does extensive data processing, which is a use case Perl
  is extremely well suited for. Perl is also fairly lightweight, installed on
  the vast majority of GNU/Linux systems, and I really like it.

** New Documentation
  
  Prior to this release there was no official documentation shipped with this
  script. As of this release there is some semblance of the documentation
  typically shipped with more established open-source projects. The README
  explains the purpose of this project to some extent, the INSTALL document
  contains some basic information for running this script on various Linux
  distributions, and the ChangeLog now offers some limited visibility into
  changes effected between releases from this point forward. This documentation
  is somewhat minimal and will probably improve in coming releases, but its
  mere existence in this release represents a major improvement in
  documentation.
